I claim the ball chef and I'm going to
prepare a homemade energy drink for you
the thing about this for quite a while I
just recently returned in Korea was up
at Gunsan Korea which is actually going
gold and Korean it's only the mountain
and this is in a cup of whole Tanzanian
coffee bean throat and are in hands in
the air last October I picked up some of
this and I thought that I would like to
make a energy drink that incorporated
caffeine and ginseng and vodka and I'll
show you how easy this is put together
I'm gonna have to put this probably
marinate for about six months so when
the time comes won't seal this this jar
here and give this stuff a try today
what I'm going to do in this three
little jar in one cup of the Tanzanian
coffee beans and I'm going to just start
putting in my ginger what am I talking
about
Jennsen we're going to put that right in
there like that that that I'm going to
use some of these smaller than they use
that for some ginseng soup tomorrow when
good save some of those and some of
these weird-looking ones in here bad boy
right up like that
they're big weird-looking right there
put that up there like that now we're
going to take some vodka and go out and
get the cheapest vodka and get the best
says it's still seven times I'm just
going to pour this one point seven liter
bottle in here this thing up here take
it the gold at the top put the risk of
this one in here fill it zero up to the
top
pull it on this there it is the ball
shifts homemade energy drink takes six
months to make ready for the apocalypse
the zombie apocalypse December 21st we
can open this bad way out there she
blows thanks for watching blend the ball
chef